Hey, Hey Joe. Thanks for, for being here, man. Appreciate it. It's my pleasure.
And honor. And, uh, on the day where bill Cosby goes to the pokey,
crazy sad story that, uh, sad for some people happy for others,
sad that he's only going away for.
I wonder if that's a death sentence for a man at his age, essentially.
It is right. He's like 81 or something like that. It'd.
Be weird if justice took into account like your health status and awarding
status. Right?
I think they have done that though.
Didn't they do that with that guy who was speaker
Hasser,
who is speaker of the house who is convicted for molesting a large
number of boys when he was a wrestling coach. Oh yeah. Do you remember that,
man? Yeah. Yeah. 15 months, 15 months. Imagine,
I mean, that's, that's pure insanity. It's in a wheelchair when he was going.
Yeah, it could have been well there's, there's no way.
If he was a 25 year old able-bodied man who had done the exact same thing,
he would've gone to jail for 15 months for, uh,
admitting to molest a large number of kids
who were under his care when he was, he was a wrestling coach. Right.
I think so that sounds right. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, he was the guy the movie was made of no, he.
Was a different guy now that was DuPont. Okay. DuPont was not a child molester.
He was just a psychopath who, uh,
hired a wrestlers to come live with him and wrestle with him. Yeah.
Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. I know one of them, the,
one of the, the main guy, the movie, they, they, uh, the, the, the two brothers,
uh, Dave and Mark Schultz. Fantastic. Uh,
wrestlers who were completely is represented in the movie.
They made him out to be like involved in this weird gay relationship with him
and doing cocaine and all, they, they added all sorts of to that movie.
Very weird. How they do that. Screenwriters.
You gotta dramatize.
It. I guess.
His sentence wasn't for child abuse. Why that's,
why it wasn't that it says, that says the judge said it would've been higher.
He would've gotten more. If the, uh,
statutes didn't run out the limitation for accidents in the 1960s and seventies
ran out. So the judge noted the punishment for such a conviction.
Would've been far worse.
I think he actually got convicted for bank transactions, keeping stuff secret.
Oh, wow. Yeah. And had to pay fines.
Statutes of limitations. Yeah. Mm.
So we were talking about bill Cosby that, uh,
psychology professors and experts were obviously
stating that he had some sort of problem.
Yeah. I mean, it's weird cuz the media will, um,
have a certain narrative they wanna promote and they'll sort of find the
psychologist will say the thing fits that. Yeah. Right.
So I think most clinical psychologists would say, I've never talked to the guy.
I'm not gonna try to diagnose him from a distance. Right. I,
I have no idea what his condition is or what his issue is,
but then there's a handful who are willing to kind of stick their necks out and
say something. And man,
it's embarrassing to be a psych professor for that reason because you're,
you're always kind of being represented publicly by the people who are kind of
being least professional. Yes. About those kind of diagnoses.
That is a real problem today. Isn't it like in, in terms of, uh,
identity politics, this,
this inclination to draw conclusions and to lean towards one
side or the other, instead of just looking at the actual situation objectively.
Yeah. And if you're not talking to him, I mean, I'm assuming bill,
Cosby's a terrible piece of as a human being.
That's what I'm assuming by looking at all this,
but I've never talked to the man. I,
I don't know what kind crazy he's got going on in his head,
but if all these women are telling the truth and seems super unlikely that
they're all lying. Yeah. I mean, wizard like there's over 50 of 'em right.
With the same story.
Yeah. Well he's got a deep dark streak that's for sure. Um,
I mean the weird thing is though a lot of people who are successful have a
little bit of that dark streak, they have a little bit of that sociopathy.
Like they can kind of step back from normal human relations and they can
either turn it into, you know, abuse and exploitation like Cosby did,
or they can kind of civilized themselves. Right.
And they can harness that to, to do something that's good. And,
and where they're kind of using their ability to take a different viewpoint on
things yeah. To, um,
analyze human behavior or invent things or, or, you know,
propose new policies or whatever. And um,
so I think that kind of dark streak, you know, if you,
that you have to recognize it and, and kind of tame it and work with it.
And the people who do I think can often do great things for society and the
people who don't end up in jail.
Well, this is one of the reasons why I wanted to bring this up to you as an
evolutionary psych professor,
looking at the human mind and looking at behavior patterns and what what's
clearly some sort of, I, I,
I hesitate to call crime and addiction,
but it seems like an addictive pattern that he has,
that there's a comp compulsion to doing this to people.
That's not as simple as he wants women to have sex with him.
They don't want to have sex with him. So he draw,
I don't think it's that simple. I think there's some getting away with it thing.
There's gotta be some he's better than everyone thing because he's, you know,
he's royalty in the,
in terms of like Hollywood in terms of show business,
in terms of standup comedy, he's always been treated as royalty. I mean,
he's been allowed to Essent criticize.
Anyone who wants is it's rarely, is there a rebuttal to the,
the things that he says and you know,
he's been criticizing the black community for its use of bad words and for its
use of sexually explicit language and,
and depictions and meanwhile, the entire time he's raping people. I mean,
it's amazing.
I think one thing that might happen is if you've got this public image as being
like squeaky clean family values,
and you've got the burden of kind of being a moral exemplar like that, you know,
just like, um, tele right. Or anybody who,
who has a big religious following, like the pressure to be good all the time,
I think can kind of tip people into this. Right. The thrill of transgression,
I imagine could be quite, quite kind of addictive.
And I think that's a real danger.
And I think that's that kind of hypocrisy is why would be really
careful about kind of idolizing anybody yeah.
To that degree kind of morally and, and putting that burden on them.
Yeah. I mean, I, I could only imagine like being an evangelist,
being someone who, who preached about the word of God, but meanwhile,
having this weird thing, like, uh, do you remember what was his name,
Ted? He,
he ran a giant church in, I believe it was Colorado.
And the entire time I used to have a bit about him the entire time he was
smoking meth and having sex with gay prostitutes and all the wilds going on
about,
it's always the guys who go on about how awful gay people are that are secretly
gay. It's so common.
There's a little research on that. I mean, it's not definitive,
but it looks like a lot of.
Ted Haggerty, like Haggerty, film Haggard. Yeah. Haggard.
Cause a lot of people, a lot of guys who are pretty like outspokenly homophobic,
and then like you put them in a,
a sex research situation and see what I actually Rouses them.
Like if you show them straight or gay porn, right.
And you have a plasmo graph and you, you sense what a what's the graph?
What is it Theisms graph? What is that sense? Is blood flow and penis?
Oh boy, I need one of those. I need one of those.
Just have it in the background of every podcast. When you come do the podcast,
you gotta put these electrodes on your penis.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and then we are just gonna talk about Japanese vomit porn
and <laugh> tentacles.
Well Theisms graphs. Don't lie. Cuz graphs.
Don't lie. <laugh> not the heart. The heart lies. Not those plasmo graphs.
<laugh>.
So yeah. The, the people who are often, you know, most hostile to something.
Yeah. Have some, some little issue inside that is creating some conflict.
Yeah. I mean, it only makes sense. The, the,
the conflicted thoughts of the human being who has this ideal of who they'd like
to project and what they'd like people to think they are,
who meanwhile has this thing below the surface that is literally everything they
despise and everything they rally against. And that is their true name. Nature.
Yeah. God, it's gotta be the awful feeling. I mean,
I've known several guys who are closeted gay men and it's,
it's a awful existence. They,
they just live in this perpetual state of just angst and
unease. And I, meanwhile, God,
I just think for the most part, especially if you live in an urban environment,
most part people don't give a anymore. Yeah. You, you,
this is almost a self-imposed prison and the people that do give a,
they're the real problem. You know, the,
the people who are not get who really care if someone's gay,
unless they're trying to do a cause behind you, like, why do you care?
Yeah. I look, if somebody wants to be in the closet about their,
their sexuality, like they want to be discreet yes.
For professional reasons or because investors would panic or whatever. Mm. Like,
that's totally cool.
But I think it is hard to be authentic to yourself.
Like it's okay to sort of acknowledge I have this sexuality or these
Preds and, and it's up to me to kind of harness them and deal with them and,
and manage them. And if you want to do that privately that's, that's cool.
We should have that freedom. Yes. Um,
but if you don't work out those little demo ends and if you can't acknowledge,
what's authentic. I think that's where you get these problems.
Like the Cosby case.
Yeah. And I,
I believe there's a difference between discretion not wanting to discuss your
sexuality and out and out hypocrisy. Yeah.
These are completely different thing. It's one thing, like you said,
like say if a guy's a CEO, it's a major corporation and he happens to be gay.
He's just not interested in all the political nonsense and all the social
nonsense that goes along with discussing that. Yeah. He's like,
I'm just gonna keep it discreet. That makes sense. Like, why should he have to,
but if he lies to his friends, you know.
Like, or, or if he goes on the attack and media. Yes. That is yes.
That damnation hail fire. Yeah. We are so strange.